Organization profile first draft (#1)
autowarefoundation/.github: profile/README.md

## Welcome to the Autoware Foundation! 👋

> ![Autoware stack](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/984e93_552e338be28543c7949717053cc3f11f~mv2.png/v1/crop/x_0,y_1,w_1500,h_879/fill/w_1079,h_633,al_c,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/Autoware-GFX_edited.png)

Author: I put that in more as a placeholder, and was thinking to replace it with a proper AWF banner image. 

I had thought it would be better to add an Autoware stack diagram to the documentation and perhaps the Core/Universe repositories, but I leave that decision with you guys (@BonoloAWF - Any thoughts on this?)

The Autoware Foundation manages the development of Autoware, the world's leading open-source software project for autonomous driving, and sponsors Autoware-based projects all over the world. Autoware was started in 2015 and is being used by over 100 companies on more than 30 vehicles in over 20 different countries worldwide. 

### Repository overview
- [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware)
  - Meta-repository containing `.repos` files to construct an Autoware workspace.
  - It is anticipated that this repository will be frequently forked by users, and so it contains minimal information to avoid unnecessary differences.
- [autowarefoundation/autoware_common](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_common)
  - Library/utility type repository containing commonly referenced ROS packages. 
  - These packages were moved to a separate repository in order to reduce CI execution time
- [autowarefoundation/autoware.core](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.core)

>   - Core repository containing high-quality and stable ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Main repository for high-quality, stable ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.
```
First off, thank you for the suggestion. I thought that using `core` was confusing, but couldn't think of a better alternative this morning - `main` is perfect. 

To explain my suggestion, since these are bullet points explaining each repository, I believe it is safe to omit the article at the start of the sentence.

  - Based on [Autoware.Auto](https://gitlab.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.auto/AutowareAuto) and [Autoware.Universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe).
- [autowarefoundation/autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)

>   - Core repository containing experimental but cutting-edge ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.

Author: @xmfcx I wanted to have a link to an explanation of Core/Universe to clearly distinguish between the two repositories, but the AWF website won't let me link to the Core/Universe part of the Autoware page, I cannot directly link to Mitsudome-san's discussion in the AS WG meeting minutes for March 8th, and PDF documents uploaded to GitHub cannot be viewed in a browser (linked files trigger a download). 😢 

Which is a long-winded way of saying that I think we should provide a very brief explanation as to why Core and Universe exist, so building on your suggestion I have this:

```suggestion
  - Repository for experimental, cutting-edge ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.
  - Autoware Universe was created to make it easier for researchers and developers to extend the functionality of Autoware Core
```
